---
title: "9: indsutry"
layout: "bundle"
outputs: ["Reveal"]
---

## We'll get started at 11:05

---

{{< slide class="center" >}}
# forensics in industry
### 6[84]45 week9

---

{{% section %}}

### house keeping
* report feedback
* court case
* myexperience

---

### report feedback
* gemini is marking your reports rn (ai studio is crazy)
* marks should come out this weekend

---

### court case
| when           | wed wk10 (19/11) 6-8:30pm |
| -------------- | ------------------------- |
| where          | Law Theatre G23           |
| compulsory     | no                        |
| who can attend | anyone                    |
| pizza          | party                     |

> Come along, it'll be fun

---

### myexperience
> oh no

{{% /section %}}

---

{{% section %}}

## Exam
| when     | idk     |
| -------- | ------- |
| duration | 3 hours |
| worth    | 40%     |
| format   | paper?  |

---

### what's in it?
3 sections
1. multiple choice questions
2. technical questions
3. professionalism questions

---

### what'll it include
* likely to have one question from each topic 
* section 2 and 3 will be longer answer questions, and likely won't be as straight-forward (e.g. they might be **based** on scenarios)
* you won't be given files to digest/examine, but you may be given screenshots of tooling

---

### how to study?
* learn content not covered in the weekly challenges
* delve deeper into content that was (many topics were discussed, but not assessed, e.g. file slack)
* review the case studies (maybe highlight/note down key parts of the discussion around them)
* do the practice exam (I recommend under exam conditions)

{{% /section %}}

---

{{% section %}}

## security in industry
* we've talked a lot about forensics, how does this apply to the real world

---

{{% /section %}}

---

{{% section %}}

## Revision

---

### 01: physical evidence handling
* what is the difference between covert and overt?
* what are first steps when you arrive on the scene?
* what is chain of custody?
* what are the forensics acqusitions methods?
* admissible evidence must be \_\_\_\_ and \_\_\_\_?
* what are the steps of the forensic process?
* what is the difference between ethics and morals?
* where could someone hide information on a drive?

---

### 2: file systems
* what are the three main components of FAT32?
* how are meta-data structures represented in NTFS?
* what happens to a file when it's deleted, what happens to it's contents?
* what is file carving? how does it work?

### 

---

### 04: timeline analysis
* what is timestomping?
* why is it important to use the correct timezone?
* you've realized your timeline doesn't make sense with some new data coming in, what should you do?

---

### 4: memory forensics
* why is collecting a memory dump difficult?
* how might you get access to a memory dump?
* what might be stored in memory that would be worthwhile to investigate?
* what is processing hollowing?

---

### 5: network forensics
* what can network forensics be used for?
* you've found a piece of suspicious traffic (e.g. a wierd IP, download of a strange file), how can you determine if it's malicious
* what barriers might prevent you from performing an investigation of a packet capture?

---

### 08: mobile forensics
* you've collected a phone, where might you look for good stores of information?
* why is imaging a phone so difficult
* what types of techniques are there to isolate a phone, what methods are there for acquisition?

---

### 09: revision
* wait what

{{% /section %}}

---

## Investigation
